Now in general if you're trying to outsource to say South Asia.
Lower your expectations for how good their prose is going to be as long as they understand the gist
of it.
That's what you should be going for.
So keep in mind it's all relative to your project and where you're trying to outsource to.
But in general this is very helpful when you're down in the like two or three freelancers or even one
and you just want to be 100 percent sure that you're on the same page.
Just ask them hey.
Repeat back to me what it is that you're building what it is that this project is supposed to do now
how you actually do it is honestly the last thing I do right before I hire them is I just ask them Hey
I just want to make sure that we don't have any misunderstandings.
Do you mind just letting me know what exactly your work what you're going to work on.
Or can you give me a summary of the project.
Now it might sound a little bit weird but what you can do at the very end of that is you can give them
a carrot and say you know I just want to make sure that you know there's no Miss understanding's as
soon as we get through this we'll be ready to start or something like that so they understand that it's
kind of like the final hurdle and you just want to make sure that this last potential issue is out of
the way.
OK guys let me know in your own experiments how all of this works.
You post in the group discussion if it's an issue or you have some suggestions otherwise.
See in the next lecture.
1.000
to understand the entirety of the system if they're only building one section.
They just need to understand the section.
The point here though is that we're going to see how again how thoughtful how articulate they are when
they repeat it back and a lot of times you can essentially find some mines that would have been a problem
later.
A lot of times you can have freelancers who are you know A-okay the entire vetting process and at the
very end of the process you ask and them repeat the project back and you find out they have absolutely
no idea what they're doing or they have some very core misunderstandings about what your project is
or what your product does.
Now sometimes these are pretty innocuous things that aren't a huge deal but you have the opportunity
to correct and sometimes they're absolutely huge.
They're building something and they have no idea what it is or they're planning to build it backwards
so what you can do is you can correct them if you want to stick with this freelancer.
You can also get a final indication of whether or not you both understand what is going to happen and
what you both expect out of it